docs/src/algorithms.md, before:

# Algorithms

```@docs
GraphsOptim
```

## Flow

```@docs
min_cost_flow
GraphsOptim.min_cost_flow!
```

We denote by:

- ``f`` the edge flow variable
- ``c`` the edge cost
- ``a`` and ``b`` the min and max edge capacity
- ``d`` the vertex demand

The objective function is

```math
\min_{f \in \mathbb{R}^E} \sum_{(u, v) \in E} c(u, v) f(u, v)
```

The edge capacity constraint dictates that for all $(u, v) \in E$,

```math
a(u, v) \leq f(u, v) \leq b(u, v)
```

The flow conservation constraint with node demand dictates that for all $v \in V$,

```math
f^-(v) = d(v) + f^+(v)
```

where the incoming flow $f^-(v)$ and outgoing flow $f^+(v)$ are defined as

```math
f^-(v) = \sum_{u \in N^-(v)} f(u, v) \quad \text{and} \quad f^+(v) = \sum_{w \in N^+(v)} f(v, w)
```

## Assignment

!!! danger "Work in progress"
    Come back later!

```@docs
min_cost_assignment
GraphsOptim.min_cost_assignment!
```

## Graph matching

!!! danger "Work in progress"
    Come back later!

```@docs
graph_matching
GraphsOptim.graph_matching_step_size
```

## Utils

```@docs
GraphsOptim.is_binary
GraphsOptim.is_square
GraphsOptim.is_stochastic
GraphsOptim.is_doubly_stochastic
GraphsOptim.is_permutation_matrix
GraphsOptim.flat_doubly_stochastic
```

Commit message:

Shortest path implementation (#17)
* Implement the shortest path

* Add test script for shortest path

* Fix naming issue

* Update formatting

* Solve v1.6 compatability

* Update documentation

* Improve test coverage

* Fix document rendering

* Remove dependency on `DiGraph`

* Change test from random to known graph

* Update documentation

* Base shortest path on flow

---------

Co-authored-by: Guillaume Dalle <22795598+gdalle@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/src/algorithms.md, after:

# Algorithms

```@docs
GraphsOptim
```

## Flow

```@docs
min_cost_flow
GraphsOptim.min_cost_flow!
```

We denote by:

- ``f`` the edge flow variable
- ``c`` the edge cost
- ``a`` and ``b`` the min and max edge capacity
- ``d`` the vertex demand

The objective function is

```math
\min_{f \in \mathbb{R}^E} \sum_{(u, v) \in E} c(u, v) f(u, v)
```

The edge capacity constraint dictates that for all $(u, v) \in E$,

```math
a(u, v) \leq f(u, v) \leq b(u, v)
```

The flow conservation constraint with node demand dictates that for all $v \in V$,

```math
f^-(v) = d(v) + f^+(v)
```

where the incoming flow $f^-(v)$ and outgoing flow $f^+(v)$ are defined as

```math
f^-(v) = \sum_{u \in N^-(v)} f(u, v) \quad \text{and} \quad f^+(v) = \sum_{w \in N^+(v)} f(v, w)
```

## Shortest Path

```@docs
shortest_path
GraphsOptim.shortest_path!
```

A special case of minimum cost flow without edge capacities, and where vertex demands are $0$ everywhere except at the source ($-1$) and target ($+1$).

## Assignment

!!! danger "Work in progress"
    Come back later!

```@docs
min_cost_assignment
GraphsOptim.min_cost_assignment!
```

## Graph matching

!!! danger "Work in progress"
    Come back later!

```@docs
graph_matching
GraphsOptim.graph_matching_step_size
```

## Utils

```@docs
GraphsOptim.is_binary
GraphsOptim.is_square
GraphsOptim.is_stochastic
GraphsOptim.is_doubly_stochastic
GraphsOptim.is_permutation_matrix
GraphsOptim.flat_doubly_stochastic
```
